DOC-5266 Aling data migration tool summaries, articles, and attributes (#202)
datastax/migration-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/change-read-routing.adoc

[TIP]
====
Issuing a `DESCRIBE` or a read to any system table through {product-proxy} isn't a valid verification.

> {product-proxy} handles reads to system tables differently, by intercepting them and always routing them to the origin, in some cases partly populating them at proxy level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-proxy} handles reads to system tables differently, by intercepting them and always routing them to the origin, in some cases partly populating them at the proxy level.
```

> This means that system reads aren't representative of how {product-proxy} routes regular user reads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that system reads don't represent how {product-proxy} routes regular user reads.
```
